prepared remarks, I think you talked about the guidance. What underpins the guidance, I think, expects for more predictability. Are you basically, what contract awards are you assuming that the company will get this year in the guidance?

Chris Kastner: Yeah. The summary and contracts, the seventeen boats contemplated by a bunch of support. If the phone, the four laws kind of plan that you’ve been advocating is assumed in this sense. No. Let me correct you there. It’s not a full sol solace plan. We’re negotiating FY24 two boats consistent with the acquisition approach that was set forth by Congress and supported by the anomaly. Block six and Columbia Bill two, we’re going to have to see the acquisition approach for those boats as they develop. Saws or a derivative of saws, yes, is positive. Anything that brings additional investment into the industrial base that accelerates shipbuilding production is positive. But we’re going to take this one step at a time.

Seth Seifman: So the guidance doesn’t assume the seventeen boats get under contract?

Chris Kastner: It does. It assumes FY24 two boats and then assumes the negotiation of the Block three contracts and the Columbia Bill two contract, yes.

Seth Seifman: Okay. And do you, I guess, what gives you, have you had communications with the new administrator, what kind of gives you confidence that that’s going to happen during this year?

Chris Kastner: Yeah. So interesting. I have high confidence in the FY24 two boats that’ll happen first part of the year. I have had limited conversations with elements of the new administration, and they’ve assured me that shipbuilding is one of their top priorities. And that’s welcome. That makes perfect sense based upon the threat environment. So I believe we’ll step right into Block six after we negotiate the last two block five votes.

Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks. I’ll leave it there for now.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from Scott Mikus with Melius Research. Scott, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Scott Mikus: Good morning, Chris. I kind of want to follow up on your answer to Doug’s question. When I think about post-Katrina, Northrop had a lot of struggles with the shipbuilding business before spinning it off to form Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. Shipbuilding margins initially weren’t that great post-spin, but come 2013, there was a meaningful pickup in favorable EAC adjustments, and your stock more than doubled that year. Just curious, what lessons did you learn from the late 2000s and early 2010s that are still relevant and can be applied today? And when do you think investors will see EACs flip from unfavorable to favorable?

Chris Kastner: Thank you. I’ll start this answer, then I’ll kick it over to Tom for some timing-related issues. But I have confidence that we can get this done because I’ve done it before, as you said. And the key is making sure that you’re very transparent and disclose current performance, and ensure that you’re resolute at the negotiation table. And there’s achievable and predictable cost of schedule estimates when you do those negotiations. As I said previously, it doesn’t do anybody any favors to miss schedules or miss cost estimates. So we just need to make sure that we estimate them correctly and negotiate them correctly. And that can be done. And there’s $50 billion of work that’s going to be negotiated here. It’s just getting through the pre-COVID contracts is what’s important. So I’ll let Tom talk about the timing a little bit.

Tom Stiehle: Thanks, Chris. Yes. As Chris had mentioned, both him and myself were down there. I spent ten years from 2011 through 2021. So I saw that march up, and it’s really about making sure, one, we get good contracts and have a good cost-equal agreement balance between us and our customer. We’ve been hit now with COVID and inflation and things of that nature. It’s really causing a draw on our production lines. These long-term contracts are being impacted by inflation. The number of heads experienced in the yard and the supportability of the material right now. So one is any of the new awards we get, like the bundle down in Ingles that we have, the FY23 award for destroyers that we received, and now going forward, the plethora of seventeen boats between the VCS one five, six, and Columbia Bill two.

 You know, getting balanced contracts that we have appropriate, our performance appropriately aligned, our schedules that we see right now are rolling it. The investments both from ourselves and from our Navy partner will have a positive benefit. But ensuring we have a solid program plan and we’re putting good commitments on contract. And then, obviously, we’ve got to execute on our commitments on that front. So it’s maintaining our budgets, holding schedules, making progress weekly, monthly, quarterly, and we have a track record of doing that. I’m confident we have the processes and the facilities for the most part, we need more throughput, but the processes and the tools and the facilities are in place right now. It’s about building out the workforce we have, strengthening, and more consistent supply chain that we have against our schedules, and then us kind of hitting the mark in cost and schedule on a regular rhythm.

 That’s what we did down at Ingalls. I think we have the pieces in place and where we are short on people, the cost reduction initiatives that we have right now, and we’ve talked about the contracts. Contract equity going forward here. I think we understand what’s causing us a delay in our production programs. Specifically on VCS and some headwinds they have down at Ingles on the destroy program. And I think we’re working hard putting the dollars and the pressure in the right areas to find the rhythm that we saw on the Ingalls march up post-Katrina. So we don’t have a specific date for you on when we get back to those sort of profitability estimates. But as Tom mentioned in his script, we are transitioning over the next couple of years out of these pre-COVID contracts into the new contracts.

 And as we transition, there should be an uplift in profitability.

Scott Mikus: Okay. And then one quick follow-up. So the midpoint of the guidance implies about $540 million of shipbuilding operating income. I’m just curious, is there any assumption baked in there for what net EACs will be for this year?

Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So obviously, we run our EAC process on a quarterly basis. We don’t provide, you know, the profitability by ship or by class like that, even by division. So we always bake in EAC and the estimate to complete in the EAC is aligned with our performance that we have right now. With risks and opportunities kind of hedged against that. Right? We know we’re throwing additional investment dollars in it. And efforts and improvements of our production lines. We balance that with the risks and opportunities we see in front of us, so that sets the trajectory and how we expect to perform kind of going forward. And, again, that ETC estimate to complete on these EACs gets reevaluated every ninety days when we get another set of actuals. I’m not going to get into the specific details that we have in there, but, you know, we do expect a stabilization and an improvement as we go forward.

Scott Mikus: Okay. Got it. Thanks for taking the question.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Pete, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Pete Skibitski: I guess just sticking to the shipbuilding margin questions, it sounds like maybe you’d recommend we assume sort of gradual improvements on shipbuilding margin through kind of to the end of the decade, maybe hitting that 9% mark. And I don’t know if we should think about a step change improvement in 2027 or just keeping it gradual. And then just wonder if you could talk about the, it sounds like you could potentially get a contract change on CVN 79. Wasn’t sure if that, if you did get a contract change, if that would impact margin one way or another. Thanks.

Chris Kastner: Yeah. So let me start, and I’ll let Tom chip in. Let me answer the 79 question first. Then I’ll kick the margin timing question over to Tom. 79, yes. We do some additional capabilities that may expect a contract change related to in the ship. Maybe put in the program team’s working on that. And with the objective of getting the ship delivered with the most capability and deployed as soon as possible. The program teams are working on that, and there would be a change related to that. But I don’t think it’s positive or negative. It’s just an equitable adjustment related to the capabilities that are added. So with that, I’ll send it over to Tom on the margin timing.

Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So specifically, obviously, we don’t provide margin guidance for the following year or the out years. Obviously, there is a shape and an expectation we have right here. And, you know, as of Q3 last year, we missed the expectation of where we thought we were. You really got to get down to where we’ve been impacted. And, again, it’s the less experienced labor we have, the throughput, and the support of supply chain. We see areas and we have initiatives to kind of improve all of that. So going forward, that’s going to be a lift against all operations we have. Now for contracts that have run through COVID, you know, the older pre-COVID contracts, those contracts have seen increased costs. So there’s limited ability to go and get additional profitability on those contracts.

 As we put the new work, the $50 billion on here, obviously, that didn’t run through that. Gonna get the benefit of the current performance and where we stand right now. The opportunity is much greater to have the profitability bounce back. So I would say the way to model that is you follow the revenue in my remarks. I gave you the next and how it blends out. And by 2027, the majority of the work will be post-COVID work. And I do expect a ramp in profitability as we work ourselves through the decade. But always remember, we’re pretty conservative when we start out ships. So I do agree it’s going to increase. But I wouldn’t anticipate a step change.

Pete Skibitski: Okay. For the call, guys.

Chris Kastner: Yeah.

Operator: Our next question is from David Strauss with Barclays. David, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.

Chris Kastner: Morning.

David Strauss: Hey, Chris. Could you maybe talk about the opportunity to buy additional shipyard capacity? I think you’ve made some comments recently in the press around that. Can you kind of size that opportunity? And if I missed that, I apologize on the call. Or in your prepared remarks. What are your hiring plans in 2025 relative to 2024?

Chris Kastner: Yeah. So we’ll hire about the same amount. We’ve repositioned our hiring a bit, as I said in a previous earnings call, from kind of broadly hiring including entry-level to hiring more experienced people. We’ve actually made some progress in that regard. And specifically in Newport News, we had been hiring out of the pipeline, which is really the regional development centers. These are people that had chosen shipbuilding as a career. They’ve been at the 5% to 10% rate. That’s increased to 35% at the back half of the year, which is really positive. And we would like it to get to 60% this year, and that’s really thanks to the state of Virginia and the federal government for increasing the funding for those regional development centers.

 We’re also targeting additional experience down at Ingalls, where they like to hire 80% experienced people. So while the number’s the same, we’re repositioning it a bit. Now your question about buying another shipyard, I’m really not interested in that. W International was an opportunity that came along, and they’re a quality builder or manufacturer that has been in the shipbuilding industry, and we were concerned they were going to move out of the shipbuilding industry, and that is a problem. So we have a lot of outsource partners, and I’d rather develop outsource partners and have an arms-length relationship. I really don’t want to vertically integrate, but this opportunity showed up, and we got 500 world-class shipbuilders with Newport News management team managing them.

 So this really was a layup for us. It’s going to increase our throughput immediately. But I have no plans to right now, unless something very interesting came along, to buy additional manufacturing facilities.

David Strauss: Okay. Thanks. And Tom, a follow-up on free cash flow and capital deployment. In terms of your free cash flow progression beyond this year, I think about 2026, 2027 as the pre-COVID work runs off. Would you expect the free cash flow progression, given the CapEx and working capital investments you’ve had to make here, would you expect that free cash flow progression back to normal to maybe be faster relative to what we’re going to see in terms of the runoff of the pre-COVID work? And then just how you’re thinking about capital deployment, given the cash burn in Q1 and the debt maturity in, I think, the beginning of Q2? Thanks.

Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So I would expect, you know, as you work through, as Chris said, the chop in the water for the next twelve to eighteen months, the cash flow would ramp up, you know, and we would get back to more normalized levels as we work ourselves through the pre-COVID contracts that we have here. And you can time that as well as with the margin. The cash flow will follow that in the out years. So that’s how that works. From the capital deployment, there’s no change. We’re still using the same process and the model that we have here. We’ll continue to have a, we’ll invest in the yard. We’ll have a capital, we’ll have a dividend that we have annually here. And any excess free cash flow, which we’ve been doing since 2001, will go back to the shareholders as that materializes. So no change in that policy right now. We did not provide any guidance for share buybacks in 2025. And if something changes on that front, we’ll update you on a quarterly earning.

Chris Kastner: You know, I would add, it’s an interesting question on projecting free cash flow right now. And I’ve spoken of this previously. I don’t know if it’s been picked up, but the incentive-laden nature of some of these contracts that are being led really lends itself to be difficult to project free cash flow timing. It’s always been a challenge for us to project free cash flow timing because of the lumpy, you know, the limited amount of projects, large invoices can move across the period. But with these large incentives and the timing of these incentives and some of them not even being negotiated yet, it makes it a bit of a challenge. We’re going to continue to be lumpy going forward, but I agree with Tom 100% it should incrementally improve over the long term.

David Strauss: Thanks very much.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Scott, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Scott Deuschle: Thanks. Tom, were the Virginia class negative EACs on the block four boats, the block five boats, or both?

Tom Stiehle: A mix of both.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. And I think the block five boats are post-COVID boats. Why should we only be focused on the pre-COVID ship? They were negotiated in 2019.

Chris Kastner: No. Those were negotiated in 2019.

Tom Stiehle: Yeah. They went in 2019. Yeah.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. And then, Chris, would the contract change on CVN 79 result in a change in delivery timeline for that ship?

Chris Kastner: We’re working through that with the customer right now. Potentially, we’re working.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. Can you remind me why the ship was originally delayed from 2024 to 2025? I thought it was something similar to what you’re now saying may cause it to go into.

Chris Kastner: Well, there’s a couple of changes, large changes that took place on CVN 79. The first one was related to some significant combat system work that the Navy asked us to do into the baseline work. I think what you’re referring to is moving PSC. That was the schedule change previously, where we were going to deliver it, do a significant amount of PSA work, and then get it deployed. They moved that into the baseline, which caused a schedule change. This is additional capability that they’ve developed based on CVN 78’s performance in deployment. And so you always want to get that as you learn. This is the second ship of the class. As you learn, you want to make sure that all the capabilities are in that ship when it gets deployed.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. And did you book a negative EAC on CVN 79 this quarter?

Chris Kastner: It wasn’t material. Yeah. I think there’s a modest negative adjustment.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. Thanks, guys. I’ll leave it there.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Myles, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.

Chris Kastner: Morning, Myles.

Myles Walton: I was curious on the shipbuilding margin guidance for 2025, five and a half to six and a half. In the first quarter, you’re already at five and a half. I think the full year is predicated on material increases in throughputs and cost reduction as well as the contract word assumptions. So the question is, how much are you assuming is going to happen in the booking rate versus when those things happen, the margins will progress higher?

Chris Kastner: Yeah. So all of that is included in the guide. Right? The new ships, meeting our throughput and our cost reduction initiatives, the timing of the new ships, an incentive assumption on those new ships. So it’s kind of all in the mix. And then we do have a bit of a, it’s a bit of a conservative guide related to, we’ve just had a couple of quarters of negative adjustments here, so we thought it was prudent to make it a bit conservative. So it’s all in the mix. I’d like to say I could time it out for you. We’ll give you the information every quarter on how we think the next quarter is going to be. But all of that factors into the guide.

Myles Walton: I guess the way I was going on is first quarter, you obviously would have the contract. You wouldn’t have a lot of these cost improvements. So that five and a half percent, is that low end pretty much reflective of your current situation, ignoring, you know, the improvements you’re talking about in throughput and cost improvement?

Chris Kastner: I think that’s probably fair. But we’re working hard to get that contract done.

Tom Stiehle: Miles, it’s Tom. You know, we give the quota guide, so we’re really close to that. And that’s how we see it’s going to play out. I mean, obviously, there’s a timing of, like, the new contract award. There’s the list that we expect to get from the initiatives that we have on the objectives page, the operational objectives page. Then there’s just the run rate opportunities and risk that we see. Most closest to the slide here. So, I mean, it’s in the mix there. Obviously, it’s on the bottom end of the range here. Beginning of the year, but they’ll be bait hopefully, they’ll be bait against the contract awards. The initiatives we have. And then as the programs mature, going forward, we could realize, you know, the medium or the top end of that range.

Myles Walton: Okay. And then Chris, maybe a higher-level question. This move towards outsourcing, obviously, there’s benefits to that. You could maybe control your cost or have a little bit more visibility on cost, but you’re relinquishing some control and quality control in particular. How do you weigh that? And a move to increase it as much as you’re talking about, 30%. I don’t know what the base level is, so that could be a material number or could be an immaterial number.

Chris Kastner: Yeah. It’s a material number. And the good news is we’re outsourcing with partners that we already do outsource work with. So we’re very familiar with them. We don’t do this lightly. We do pilot projects so that the partners can demonstrate their cost and schedule and quality capability before we do it. So it’s a good question because, you know, we’ve been burned by outsourcing before. I think a lot of people in the industry have, and we just need to make sure we do it right. So it’s a fair, it’s a risk that we understand and we mitigate because we’ve done it before.

Tom Stiehle: I would add on the back of that, like, an acquisition, like, W International are bringing it in-house with Newport News people, leadership processes. We put a proven workforce that’s there that was up and running. You know, there’s work going on down there right now and, you know, having 500 heads ready and moving forward, operationally is a big plus there. So we’re doing it really smartly. We’re ensuring who we insource to outsource. Putting the bumpers around to make sure we get the performance and expectations. And we anticipate that, you know, we’ll be able to execute that work. And be a significant piece of the list that we talked about, about 20% more earn throughput.

Myles Walton: Okay. Alright. Thank you.

Chris Kastner: Thanks.

Operator: Our next question is from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Ron, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Jordan Lyonnais: Hey. Good morning. This is Jordan on for Ron.

Chris Kastner: Hey. Good morning, Jordan.

Jordan Lyonnais: Morning. On the initiatives that you guys are working on for hiring, what’s changed versus what you guys have been doing for the past couple of years? And also, how do you think Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. and Mission Tech specifically too, is there any impact from George?

Chris Kastner: Okay. Yeah. So first, what changes? I previously spoke about it’s not only hiring. We’ve refocused that to target more experienced shipbuilders. Wages are going to help that. The anomaly has workforce development support, and so that will help that process to hire more experienced shipbuilders, and will assist in retention as well. Doge is, you know, it’s the new administration. It’s good that one of their top priorities is shipbuilding. We’re all for reduced regulation. So we’ll work with that team to ensure that we have the appropriate level of regulations, and trust me, no one wants less cost and better delivery schedules than I do. So we welcome the initiatives that could be put in place, and we would participate in that going forward.

Jordan Lyonnais: Great. Thank you.

Chris Kastner: Thank you.

Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cohen. Gautam, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Gautam Khanna: Hey. Good morning, guys.

Chris Kastner: Morning, Gautam.

Gautam Khanna: So I have two questions. One, previously, you guys had thought about a cash inflow associated with signing the seventeen submarine contracts. I think it was a release of contract assets to receivable. Is that still true? And if you could quantify how much would be, you know, to be invoiced upon signing that, and then I have a follow-up.

Chris Kastner: Yeah. There is some cash upside to executing those contracts. We risk adjust all of that, and so we haven’t broken that out, Gautam. But that’s included in our guide, and there will be some cash receipts related to that.

Gautam Khanna: I recall a quarter ago, a lot of the free cash reduction was in the guidance for 2024 was those contracts moving out to signing. So is it about $500 million, and can you ballpark it for us?

Chris Kastner: I’d really rather not, Gautam, at this point. There’s a lot of moving parts in the cash guide, as Tom mentioned previously. But, yeah, I’d really rather not ballpark that. But we’re still in discussions with the government on that contract. We need to negotiate that really holistically. So I’d rather not give you specifics on the cash impact.

Tom Stiehle: I’ll probably just like a little color there because I think as you referenced back to the Q3 call, your question’s kind of getting your head around. Hey. That was near back half of the year that the omnibus approach, seventeen subs being put on contract was a pathway for us to still make our guide last year. Right? And we had the early question on SARS right now. So although that’s viable and that’s still out there and the industry still believes that’s a very efficient way to get the most ships on contract built fastest. Right now, as you know, the CR just has an anomaly in there for the first two of the seventeen boats, and we’re working very closely with the Navy partner to get those on contract near term. So the difference between where we were, say, last quarter and this quarter is just the contracting approach, the mechanisms.

 Is it an omnibus at all seventeen, which it would impact additional contracts, or is it just two boats for FY24 and incremental approach? Maybe you saw still an opportunity set behind it. But it brings us a little bit of an uncertainty of what was the cash perspective and outlook back in Q3 versus how we’re going forward here. All these boats will get on contract. Right? We’ll find a good risky equilibrium between us and our Navy partner. Right? And a balance between affordability and profitability. And we’ll ensure that the deal on our side obviously meets the requirements and the expectations of our customer, while being true to bringing home a contract that we can go execute the cost and the schedule. It’s aligned with our profitability expectations.

Gautam Khanna: Thanks, Tom. And just one last one. In private insurance, first time. We all remember the whole FSA discussion going to more unmanned, lighter ships. Is there any movement afoot? Have you heard anything from the new advanced station about their inclinations to revisit some of the recommendations back then?

Chris Kastner: Not yet, but it’s early. The leadership is still getting confirmed. And we support, obviously, with our unmanned business, we support both. There’s a high-low argument and actually a fact that is going to have to be executed. But, no, we’ve not had those conversations with the new administration yet because they just aren’t there yet.

Gautam Khanna: Alright. Fair enough. Thank you, guys.

Chris Kastner: Thanks.

Operator: Thank you very much. I’m not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to hand the call back over to Mr. Kastner for any closing remarks.

Chris Kastner: Alright. Thank you for joining the call today. I appreciate everyone’s patience. Thank you.

Operator: That does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts

 or 
 Subscribe with Google 
 We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. 

Share

Q4 2024NYSE:HIIMSN NewsEarnings Call Transcript

Related Insider Monkey Articles

Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE:BSX) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript
Saia, Inc. (NASDAQ:SAIA) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript

Ares Management Corporation (NYSE:ARES) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript
Regional Management Corp. (NYSE:RM) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript

Amtech Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASYS) Q1 2025 Earnings Call Transcript
DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript 

 1281292 - 11759070 - 1 

The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock.

Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard.

Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences.

At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by 2040 there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots, with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000.

Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040.

Put another way, that’s roughly equal to:

175 Teslas

107 Amazons

140 Metas

84 Googles

65 Microsofts

And 55 Nvidias

And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy.

It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide.

Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential.

How could anything be worth that much?

The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates.

And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors.

What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution.

In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals.

Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves.

Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change.

Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps.

Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact.

When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to.

Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere…

But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible.

And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans…

This prediction might not be bold at all:

A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock.

The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now.

I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report.

Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock.

For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month, you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal!

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

• Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

• 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

• One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

• Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

• Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

• 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee:  If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month. (33% Off – was $14.99).

2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!

Insider Monkey Ads 

Wall Street calls this $3 stock a “Melting Ice Cube.” They said the same thing about BTI before it returned 90%.

Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today.

Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call.

Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying.

We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong.

We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months.

Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025.

Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3.

While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth.

This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return.

Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents.

This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.!

This offer vanishes in 7 days, so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond.

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential.

BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active.

30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99.

2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!