prepared remarks we’re ahead plan of over 3,200 heads for the year. So that’s some positive indicators. But it’s — this is a labor driven issue. And as I said, we’ve made good progress. We just need to continue to do that over the next couple of years.

Doug Harned : And when you look at Newport News, you’re a partner with Electric Boat on Virginia class, but you’re a subcontractor on Columbia class. I mean, how do those different relationships affect the way in which you work with Electric Boat on the programs?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so it’s not a material difference. Obviously, you have contractual differences. But when you get down to the deck plate, those teams work very closely together. There’s a relationship that’s been developed over a number of years between the two teams. And when you think about the efficiency of getting the work done and potentially transferring some work back and forth, there’s obviously contractual mechanisms that need to be put in place under Columbia that you don’t need under the Virginia class, but they work very closely together.

Doug Harned : So there’s no, in your mind there’s no real effective difference in the way — there’s no sort of preferred relationship here that one works better than the other?

Chris Kastner: Not really, the objective there is to get these critical assets to the fleet as soon as we can. So the team works very closely to ensure we’re working on that.

Doug Harned : Okay, great, thank you.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn of Melius Research. Robert, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Rob Spingarn : Hey, good morning, Tom. Just a clarification on…

Tom Stiehle : Good morning.

Rob Spingarn : Thank you. And Chris then a high level one for you. But Tom, on the margins, at Mission Technologies, you talked about the 1.4%, but a $6 million impact from the sale of the JV. So was that impact built into the guidance?

Tom Stiehle : No, it wasn’t built into it. It wasn’t until right now. So…

Rob Spingarn : All right, so this is why you’re tracking to the low end. Is that how I should interpret that?

Tom Stiehle : Right, yeah.

Rob Spingarn : Okay, then Chris, a high level question, but between shipbuilding and MT, I thought it might be interesting to hear you talk about how these two businesses can contribute to two priority areas for DoD, and that’s CAC C2 and Contested Logistics?

Chris Kastner: That’s a really good question. You kind of teed me up there, interesting, the line acquisition, they have really great AI/ML products and big data products that fit right into CAC C2 and potential CAC C2 missions. And when you think about data and big data and the speed in which data can be understood, it fits right into the contested logistics model as well. We’re a LVC enterprise that is not just training. It can fit right into a war gaming concept. Think about war gaming, you think about Op plans. You think about op plans, you have to think about contested logistics. So we have products that that can quickly be adapted to deal with those two issues. We’ve had high level conversations with the Navy, and other customers about potential applications there. So we think we can add to those products set. We think they’re important product sets. And we’ll continue to talk to the customer about it.

Rob Spingarn : Thanks so much.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Pete Skibitski of Alembic Global. Pete, your line is now open.

Pete Skibitski : Hey, good morning, guys.

Chris Kastner: Good morning.

Pete Skibitski : Chris, on the hiring, can you give us the actual net hiring, your net retention numbers kind of after attrition? And maybe can you gauge a level of revenue that could be at risk if you don’t meet your net goals for the balance of the year?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so we don’t provide the right net. There’s a lot of things going into that equation. We have over time, we have attendance, we have attrition, we have Job Shop labor that can contribute to that. I will say there’s potentially some upside if we’re able to continue to meet our hiring growth goals and deal with attrition over the balance of the year. But we just need to see how the year develops.

Pete Skibitski : Got it, okay. And then I want to ask about the Kennedy contract mod, it was a little under $4 million on the mod. Does it raise your — now that that’s in place, does it raise your confidence level in terms of how your performance on that project could trend through next year and, and the potential milestone opportunities for you on the project?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, I know the team did a really good job incorporating the PSA work into the baseline contract and assessing the schedule and. And we’re putting the work or integrating that work into the baseline schedule. We’re confident the way that Kennedy is developing, they’re meeting their compartment completion goals. They’re — their test rates proceeding and the plants proceeding. So we got a lot of confidence in where the Kennedy is at right now.

Pete Skibitski : Okay, maybe another way of saying it, are the milestone opportunities on the Kennedy meaningful relative to other programs, or should we not, focus so much on the Kennedy?

Chris Kastner: We’re just going to have to see. We’re going to have to let things play out over the next 18 months, 18 to 24 months. It’s a lot of critical work in front of us. But potentially, if we continue to perform well, there’ll be milestone opportunities for sure.

Pete Skibitski : Okay, okay. Thank you.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: The next question today is from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan. Seth, please go ahead. Your line is open.

Seth Seifman : Hey, thanks very much. Good morning.

Chris Kastner: Good morning.

Pete Skibitski : I wanted to ask in Mission Tech, looking at the margin there, and then looking at the contract mix is — fixed price is a relatively small portion of the mix. I think it’s like 12%. And so when you think over time about the profitability that you want to see in that business, and it seems to be an environment where there are more opportunities in the Fed IT services market right now. Is that something that the business is going to try to move higher? Or is that not really consistent with the risk profile that you want to take on?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so we believe it will move higher. We’re going to — you indicated that the majority of those contracts are cost plus. That’s true, I think over 80%, which drives the margin rate a bit lower. The team at our Mission Technologies is — we’re focused on technology there. So there’s going to be a lot of cost plus work, but they’re competing very well also and in their pipeline, there is fixed price opportunities, and we’re going to pursue those where those make sense. And if we’re successful, the mix should improve a bit and margin will improve. Tom, do you have anything on that?

Tom Stiehle : Yeah. So you are right, Seth, CD 7% is cost of [ph] contracts. I would say that there is a move afoot. I mean, we kind of realized the customer sets that we have in the portfolio, there is a move to try it. And as we introduce more technology, that will bring about potential premium on pricing on that front. And then as we get away from services and more into products, that’s not an area too where we could see an expansion of the margin on those jobs.

Pete Skibitski : Great, thanks. And then just a real quick follow up, Tom, the Q3 cash flow target that you gave, what does that contemplate with regard to the advance repayment.

Tom Stiehle : So right now, a little color on that right. So we got an extension on that. It was supposed to be repaid by the end of June. It was a two month extension. So in negotiations, the Navy’s now going out and understanding how we’ll transition the contract back from the advanced prog pay that was in place since 2020. I don’t have a negotiated settlement on that yet. So I don’t know what that’s going to entail. The guide assumes that there’s not a payback right now on that. And we’ll have to work ourselves through that as we go through here. So that’s a normal run rate that we expect for the quarter. It doesn’t impact the guide of 400 to 450 that I’ve said for the entire year. And I would tell you that the best way to model it and take a look at it is stick to that guidance right now.

I think another 60 days, we’re going to look see and what that negotiations entails, the timing of it, and the impact, although then we have some significant milestones in the back half of the year. So I have three deliveries, two launches, and one float off. Every time I have a delivery, we liquidate the contract. I get the contract price, the Navy gets the ship. There’s some retentions for work that was incomplete there. So there’s opportunities that’s there to work those retentions off. And that’s an opportunity for both margin and cash. And then as I work myself to the back half of the year with LTE 29 is not going to hit this year or next year. We’re still holding that milestone as a 2023 event. But I would take a look at cash just from now through 2024, the milestone chart that we gave you, the five year look.

It’s 1.2 billion over the next 17 months. And I’m still comfortable that we’re on target to kind of make to make those goals.

Pete Skibitski : Great. Cool, thank you very much.

Operator: The next question today is from the line of Myles Walton of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open

Myles Walton : Thanks. Was hoping you could comment on two items. One, the 801 module move. And I guess does that put any pressure on the margin guidance range for this year? And then also on LHA-8, were there any costs that you had to absorb in the quarter or was it minor and sort of non material?

Chris Kastner: Yes, I’ll handle that and Tom can chip in if he needs to. So 801 had some late breaking rework that pushed up module to the beginning next year. It was late in the year delivery. So just modest, really not a material impact that, as I said to Doug previously, teams pretty good at moving work back and forth to ensure they do that as efficiently as possible. So not a material impact on 801. On LHA-8 I think, first things first, I don’t want to just kind of gloss over a pretty significant thing that we like. We really pay attention to in the shipyards is the fire on LHA-8, first thing you have to do is make sure everybody’s safe. The team did a really good job. The first responders made sure no one was hurt. Just minor smoke inhalation.

But the shipbuilders, and the Navy personnel were safe. Second thing is to limit the damage. They did that, really minor damage to one compartment, some waterways [ph]. We put a corrective action plan, did a root cause analysis. We’re working through that corrective action plan now. So the important thing is that we learned from this issue. So no real cost, or cost to schedule impact that’s material on LHA-8, and the milestones for that that ship remain intact.

Myles Walton : Okay, thanks for that. And then just on the buying out of Honeywell’s portion of the Savannah River JV, what’s the expected outflow for your incremental portion being acquired?

Chris Kastner: Yes, so it’s already in, right.

Tom Stiehle : So we paid that. Right now it’s in the — you can see that in the cash flow investing is $24 million on the out and we expect to get additional margin and cash in the out years. We haven’t defined that.

Myles Walton : Thank you.

Chris Kastner: Thanks Myles.

Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

David Strauss : Great, thank you. Good morning.

Chris Kastner: Good morning.

David Strauss : Tom, can you just give us an update kind of working capital progress year-to-date, it’s tracking? I think you’re about 8% of revenues now net working capital if you’re tracking where you would expect it year-to-date, remind us again of what you’re expecting at the end of the year. And what you’re baking into the ’24 free cash flow forecast.

Tom Stiehle : Yeah, so I am on plan. And consistent with the forecast and discussions we’ve had past earnings releases 8% about right of where I find myself right now, popping out of this quarter. I work myself through the back half of the year with the shipyards to get around the 6% target that we’ve talked about. And then there is some tailwinds as we go from ’23 to ’24, consistent with what we’ve had, in past discussions. We used to think of for Mission Technologies the 6% to 8%, was the norm of where we think working capital would be in the yard as Mission Technologies has grown. And we’ve gotten to more of a cadence between the two yards and our shipyard production programs. I look at it more as 4% to 6%. And we’ll finish this year out on the higher end of that range.

And then as we work ourselves into 2024, we’ll be on the low end of that range here. Just the cadence making milestones or schedule deliveries, we settled down both in material and the labor that we give me some status about. And that’s going to bring about some consistency and keep us in the norm range, as I see in the coming years going forward.

David Strauss : Okay, great. And then follow-up in terms of the shipbuilding margin, that’s implied for Q4, are you or are we potentially looking at a margin at Ingalls in a similar range to kind of what we saw in the first half of 2022, when it was strongly in the double digit range? And if LPD-29, that delivery does slip, how much risk is there to the Q4 margin guide? Thanks.

Tom Stiehle : Sure. So we don’t give specific forecasts by each yard. But obviously, we can do the math here. It’s 6%, 7%, [ph] at the first quarter and 7% for this quarter for Q2 for shipbuilding. And we’re guiding 7% for Q3. It’s in the low to upper ranges for Q4 and the 9% for shipbuilding across both yards. I’m very comfortable with that. I think I gave an answer earlier, but I’ll hit it again. Yeah, we still have three deliveries, two launches, one float off all in Q3 and Q4, heavily loaded in Q4 timeframe. Both of the deliveries themselves that are upcoming, and the two that we’ve had this year, have retentions and releases associated with that, that bring both margin and cash. And then on the back half we have some smaller incentives and some change adjudication to that will play out.

So I think ’23 is opposite of ’22. We saw a very strong first half, specifically, as you mentioned Ingalls is in the 13% to 16%, Q1 and Q2. I won’t get into the breakdown in the yards as a forecast for the back half of 2023. But I’m comfortable that back half is going to be meaningfully higher than the front half, with the pacing here for the first half of this year.

David Strauss : And the risk around if LPD 29 slips, the delivery.

Tom Stiehle : So it’s at the very back half of the year here. As we come through we’ve talked in the past, whether the deliveries are clean, or the timely or do they go around what we want with a lot of retentions or not. Right now LP 29 is progressing well. We don’t see any avenue that is our way right now. We’ll have five months of things to do, taking the ship to see and burning down risk there. But we’ll have to see how that plays out. I don’t want to overly play my hand on that. It’s one ship and one milestone in the context of the shipbuilding here. So I don’t think it will either overly hurt or overly help us. And I think I think the guide’s appropriate right now. We still maintain the 7% to 8% shipbuilding margin by yearend.

David Strauss : Thank you.

Tom Stiehle : Thanks.

Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna of TD Cowen. Gautam, please go ahead. Your line is open.

Gautam Khanna : Hey, good morning, guys.

Chris Kastner: Good morning, Gautam.

Gautam Khanna : Hey, I was wondering, remember when the fit up came out, and there were different schedules for various ships, in terms of delivery dates and the like. And I’m just curious, relative to the prior update, I was curious if you had any better color on how to reconcile that with your own expectations for delivery dates over the next couple of years.

Chris Kastner: Yeah, I can start then then then Tom can chime in. I think it’s context and timing on those delivery dates, and really assessment of risk. They might move a couple of months or have a different representation of deliveries a couple months, one way or the other. But we assess our, our EACs and our schedules on a very consistent basis. You’re looking at a one time adjustment potentially or notification to Congress. So I really think it’s a context issue more than a more than a disconnect. Because we work very closely with our customers so that they understand where we are from a schedule standpoint, how we’re assessing the schedule. They have their own point of view on the schedules, and it’s very reconcilable.

Tom Stiehle : I don’t really have much more to add on that. On an annual basis as the NDAA and the budgets pop out, and then obviously we take a — look at the [indiscernible], which gives you a five year look at the forecast on funding perspective, we reconcile where we stand. It’s a cross reference of what we do anyway, every 13 weeks doing EACs and we make sure that we align actuals to date and estimates to complete where we are with our labor and material performance and burn and expectations of future performance. And all that gets baked into revised EAC that marries home, to an updated long range strategic plan that we have, a labor resource plan and then the master construction schedules that we have at each site. So we’re locked tight with ourselves. And then we have monthly reviews with our program offices into our customer. So I don’t think there was any disconnect there.

Gautam Khanna : Okay, and just if you wouldn’t mind providing the EACs the net EACs by segment and also there was some language in the release about VCS favorable variance. Could you just give us a quick update on how that that program is performing? And if there was a favorable EAC on that program in particular? Thanks.

Chris Kastner: So the net — I’ll start with the VCS performance then Tom will talk about the net EACs in the quarter. So yeah, VCS is definitely showing some stability and some positive momentum. So as Tom said, we assess our EACs every quarter and there’s nothing material to note, but there is some — the team’s working very hard, the program team, on VCS, to meet their milestones and meet their cost targets, in really kind of a difficult macroeconomic environment. So there is some progress there. There’s definitely some progress on stability on VCS. I continue to think the best thing we can do on the VCs program is meet our commitments on the block for contract, get those ships and modules out and then transition into Block V where we have more where we have more opportunity. So with that Tom the EACs.

Tom Stiehle : Yeah, and the favorable, the gross favourable was $72 million, unfavorable was $52 million. That net was $20 million. And that was that was made up of $17 million Ingalls or 85% and $3.9 million or 15% in NMT. There was no specific favorable or unfavorable. That was material. Thanks.

Gautam Khanna : Great.

Operator: Our next question today is from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. George, please go ahead. Your line is open.

George Shapiro : Yes, Tom. If you just look at the free cash flow implied in the fourth quarter, the midpoint’s around $360 million. Of the milestones that you have listed for Ingalls in Newport for the fourth quarter, what are the key ones that would contribute to that?

Tom Stiehle : So I think it’s a host of it. You can run down if you go to the slide on the milestones, the launches and the deliveries that we’ve talked about, the retention releases on delivered ships. We’ve talked about adjudication to change. There’s some minor incentives that we pick up too. So usually because of the seasonality, you do see Q4 to be very strong for us. We saw that last year with over $0.5 billion in Q4. So I think the plan and the milestones are situated for us to generate that same type of result this year. I would want to clarify, it’s early. I think I want to make sure everyone understands what I said the guide specific — the guide specific for Q3 assumes that there is a repayment for COVID right now.

My comment was since I don’t know of any change with the Navy, and what that could do, we are sticking to how we guided at the beginning of the year 4 to 450 with the COVID repay is going to occur this year. If and when that changes and we know how much we will give you some more color. I would expect that come the November call for Q3 we’ll have a real good look at the milestone performance, how the rest of the year is wrapping up and we anticipate when the negotiations with the Navy is behind us, and give you more color on that.

George Shapiro : Okay, thanks very much.

Chris Kastner: Thanks, George.

Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Ron, your line is now open. Please go ahead.

Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick ones.

Chris Kastner: Good morning.

Ronald Epstein: Could you speak a little bit about the DDG-51 award that was pretty gigantic? How that’s going to play out? Was it a competitive bid? I’m guessing it was right? And now you’re thinking about that? But let’s start with that.

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so DDG-51, excellent job by the Ingalls team competing for that. It was competitive. There’s a standard competitive environment between the two shipyards, both of which are very, very capable shipyards. Getting awarded six is very positive, just shows the demonstrated proficiency of that Ingalls team on executing. Obvious we’ve delivered DDG-125 already. And we’re proceeding on the next three destroyers. So really, really a positive indicator. What it does is provide a lot of stability for Ingalls moving forward. That should fix ship by combined with LPDs and support for LPD 33 and potential bundle arrangements for LPDs and LHA moving forward provides a lot of stability for Ingalls. And it’s very positive.

Ronald Epstein: Got it? Got it. And then on the Savannah River stuff, my understanding of how the accounting would work, that you guys would potentially take a gain, right. I think that’s how it works. Are you deferring it? Or did you take a gain in the quarter?

Tom Stiehle : No, we didn’t take a gain in the quarter right now. So we become a higher owner of the joint venture, still a minority owner, but a higher owner of it. So as proceeds are released, it’s consolidated. How that’s recorded as gains happen in the future, they’ll be higher than what we’ve had in the past. So I expect that to play out over the next couple of years.

Ronald Epstein: Got it. So it wasn’t like an event where you could mark to market and your carrying value would be greater or whatever.

Tom Stiehle : No.

Ronald Epstein: Got it. Got it. And then can you just speak a little bit to how it’s going in terms of retention of employees and how the workforce has evolved here as we recover from kind of all the COVID disruptions?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, workforce is definitely evolving. Ron, thanks for that question. As I said previously, hiring is better, right. The applicant rate is better, but retention is still a challenge. And what we’re finding is the days of hiring someone, training them and sending them down to the deck plate are really over. We need to ensure that the new hires that don’t come through our established programs, because the apprentice school, community colleges, the high school programs are still very successful, when it comes to retention. But the walk-ins, we need to make sure that we shepherd them through the process of the next, 12 to 18 months of their employment, to make them understand that this is a good career, and there’s opportunity for growth and stability. So that’s really the fundamental change is the walk in applicants are just not the same as they used to be. So that’s what both Ingalls and Newport, Newport News are working on.

Ronald Epstein: Got it? All right. Thank you very much.

Chris Kastner: Sure.

Operator: And the next question is from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Noah, your line is open.

Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.

Chris Kastner: Good morning, Noah. If I take the MT revenue guide to be flat sequentially in the third quarter, I think we’d have to be, maybe down a little or flat year-over-year in the fourth quarter to be at the 5% for the year, after being kind of six to eight through the first nine months of the year. So how much of that is just kind of leaving some conservatism there? How do you see the MT organic revenue growth profile from here?

Tom Stiehle : So, at 645, that’s a record quarter that they’ve had followed, 624, which was the previous record quarter. Feel comfortable with right now. I think 645 is a balance between — there’s new awards that happened — occur and then get delivery orders funded and awarded for that, get heads in here. I do think there could be some upside here. So we’ll see how that plays out. We look at a Mission Technologies, they grew 4%. Last year each of the six business units grew. We see quarter-over-quarter, it’s 7.5% sequentially, grew over 5% right now. So I think north of 5% is the right way to kind of take a look at that. We’ll see how that plays out. They on a good string right now of awards. And they’re working hard to kind of fill the seats, funded seats that they have.

So it’s going to be a function of awards and labor as we go forward. But I’m feeling good about the pipeline I have there. Although the book to bill is low right now. I think that’s going to come on in the back half of the year. We’ll see that pop up on. There’s still a plethora of awards for Q3 and Q4 that we’re keeping a close eye on here right now. I think that business is starting to really play out and justify the acquisition of alliances, as we see a sales ramp that’s happening.

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so Noah, I could I could add that, not to jump into the early wins in Q3, but on a total contract value, not just awarded, we’re almost $4 billion of awards for this year, which is really a record for [indiscernible] and Mission Technologies together. It’s kind of unprecedented. That team is really doing very well and will create a lot of stability into the future and potential growth, for Mission Technologies.

Noah Poponak: Okay, appreciate that. And Tom, the 7.7% to 8% for the full year shipbuilding margin, it’s a relatively tight range. But if I keep it flat sequentially in the third quarter, to get to the low end of the full year, the fourth quarter would need to be close to 9% and to get to the high end, it would need to be close to 10.5%. Can you speak to where in that range, do you see I know the milestones need to occur and every milestone is different. But where in that range, do you more likely see the 4Q shipbuilding margin falling?

Tom Stiehle : Yeah, I think we’re splitting hairs right now. I mean, you can see that there are a lot of milestones out there. Things and then there’s incentives and adjudication to change to that occur, LPD 29 a piece of it, although we said early it’s not a big swinger, but it does contribute to the margin and the end results. I wouldn’t want to get too precise. I mean, 7.7% 8.0% is pretty precise right there. But I do expect it when you run the math we said 6.7% 7.4% through Q2, another 7.4% about for Q3. We will be in the 9%s for Q4 is the math of it. And I feel comfortable with what’s on our plate, the performance I see today. The avenue, I speak daily and weekly with the CFOs out in the yard. So I know what’s in front of them and what has to get done both from a performance end of it and then what has to get done on the contract side. And we’re very much in place to finish up in that range.

Noah Poponak: Got it? And then just one other item, back to that attrition question, Chris, has the rate of attrition slowed through the year? I know that’s another kind of specific question, but it seems like a pretty important element into your total labor equation.

Chris Kastner: So it’s definitely lower than it was coming up COVID. It’s been pretty consistent this year. I don’t I haven’t seen a lot of slowing in attrition this year. It’s still the walk in early career people that really aren’t prepared for the rigors of shipbuilding. It’s a challenging job. And we’re just working very hard to get them prepared to understand the real benefits of being a ship builder.

Noah Poponak: Okay, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.

Chris Kastner: Sure. See you Noah.

Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski of Alembic Global. Pete, your line is now open.

Pete Skibitski : Yeah, Chris, although we’ve talked about this, but the Navy, I think is working up the strategy for the Nimitz retirement. Then there’s an RFI out there. Can you talk about — if you think HII will have a roll on that? Maybe the timing and sizing of that. Just your thoughts on that overall?

Chris Kastner: Yeah, so we will absolutely have a role in it. There’s a lot of planning going on within the Navy and Newport News on integration of RCA, OHS, and retirements. We obviously did the enterprise, uniquely qualified to do it. And so it’s really kind of an advance planning, actually, because it’s kind of a dance between the RCA OHS and then finishing the ships and doing the DND. So absolutely. It doesn’t change my perspective about the long term growth rate of the business. It’s integrated into the forecasting. And Newport News will probably do that work.

Pete Skibitski : Okay, but maybe it’s like a mid decade to slightly after mid-decade before it starts?

Chris Kastner: I hate to give you a specific time, but it’s integrated over the next, 10 to 15 years, to 20 years, actually.

Pete Skibitski : I see. Okay, thank you.

Chris Kastner: It’s all in the mix. It’s all in the mix, Pete, when you think about their plan, and how we forecast the long term growth rate of the business.

Pete Skibitski : Got it.

Operator: Thank you. I’m not showing any further questions at this time. So I’d now like to hand the call back over to Mr. Kastner for any closing remarks.

Chris Kastner: Yeah. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in HII and look forward to continuing to engage with you all going forward.

Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts

 or 
 Subscribe with Google 
 We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. 

Share

Q2 2023NYSE:HIIEarnings Call Transcript

Related Insider Monkey Articles

Phillips Edison & Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:PECO) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript...
Offerpad Solutions Inc. (NYSE:OPAD) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript

O-I Glass, Inc. (NYSE:OI) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript
Camping World Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CWH) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript

Vertiv Holdings Co (NYSE:VRT) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript
Skyline Champion Corporation (NYSE:SKY) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript 

 1281292 - 11759070 - 1 

The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock.

Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard.

Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences.

At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by 2040 there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots, with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000.

Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040.

Put another way, that’s roughly equal to:

175 Teslas

107 Amazons

140 Metas

84 Googles

65 Microsofts

And 55 Nvidias

And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy.

It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide.

Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential.

How could anything be worth that much?

The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates.

And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors.

What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution.

In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals.

Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves.

Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change.

Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps.

Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact.

When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to.

Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere…

But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible.

And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans…

This prediction might not be bold at all:

A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock.

The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now.

I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report.

Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock.

For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month, you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal!

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

• Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

• 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

• One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

• Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

• Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

• 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee:  If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month. (33% Off – was $14.99).

2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!

Insider Monkey Ads 

Wall Street calls this $3 stock a “Melting Ice Cube.” They said the same thing about BTI before it returned 90%.

Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today.

Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call.

Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying.

We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong.

We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months.

Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025.

Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3.

While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth.

This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return.

Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents.

This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.!

This offer vanishes in 7 days, so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond.

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential.

BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active.

30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99.

2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!