prepared remarks that there was no amphib funding in fiscal ’24. If you could just kind of update us on the status there. I mean we seem like there are always these ongoing reviews, and then Congress adds money back. Just kind of where things stand there?

Chris Kastner: Yes. ’24 is pretty positive from a budgetary standpoint for us. The one issue, as you mentioned, is LPD 33. We’ll work with the customer and the Congress to ensure that they understand the importance of that ship to Ingalls, and we’ll just follow it through the process. Got high confidence based on the law of 31 amphibs that we have a chance to get that back in the budget, but we’ll just have to follow it through the process.

David Strauss : Okay. And Block IV versus Block V, can you give us an idea of how much of Virginia-class revenue at this point is Block fo versus Block V and how that transitions over the next year in terms of — I mean, Tom, your point is some potential margin lift as we progress there, Some sort of baseline where we are today and what that looks like?

Tom Stiehle: Yes. So as we crossed over at the end of last year, Block V actually has more revenue than Block IV in it, although you find the programs for one better than 80% accomplished with 794 delivered, 796 to go, 798 floating off and then the successive years of the sell-off of 798, 800. So Block IV is significantly more complete with cost in the books here. Block V is still less than 30% complete right now. So there’s a mix there. I have more volume on V and I still have a large amount of that program in front of me. As we talked about, I think, keeping the pedal to the metal on the labor, training that workforce, getting serial production cadence happening, which we see that with the operating system at the — incorporated down there.

I think all that’s going to add to a real potential of additional profitability in Block V or IV. You don’t see it yet, obviously, because it’s early in the program. So good that we’re getting the sales volume from the VCS program, a lot of interest in that. And we’ll just keep working to get the production efficiency going on the VCS program.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Chris Kastner: Gautam, are you out there? We may have lost Gautam. Operator, do you still hear us?

Operator: Yes, I still hear you. I don’t have Gautam.

Chris Kastner: Maybe he’ll come back in. If you could maybe just go to Pete.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.

Pete Skibitski : Chris, I think a lot of us were targeting the return of shipbuilding margins to that 9% range by 2025 or so. Is that going to be still reasonable for that target after this — the Kennedy contract changes and where you see labor going right now? Or is that a stretch at this point? What are you thinking there?

Chris Kastner: Yes. I don’t want to give commentary on ’25 margins at this point. We’re comfortable with our guidance for this year. I’m comfortable that the way we have the ships delivering and the stability of the milestones that we look for improvement next year. The teams are working on the fundamentals every day within both shipbuilding organizations coming through COVID and the labor challenges, but there are still significant labor challenges we’re working through. So I don’t want to predict when we’ll recover to 9%. I still believe it is a 9%, 9%-plus business. We just need to continue to focus on the fundamentals and execute.

Tom Stiehle: And if I could comment there too, Chris. We’re obviously not happy with where we are right now. We’re driving hard. We’re being realistic with it. The strategy that we have that we’ve shared with The Street and shareholders is we anticipate and expect expansion of margin. We’ll continue to fight through that, and we do that every day and every week here. We get realistic with the ranges that we give that definitely is attainable. We have strategies and plans, and the profiles and the forecast show that we can meet our forecast that we tell The Street. So we’ll just keep you updated like we have every quarter, but the trajectory needs to go up, and we’re working really hard every day to make that happen.

Pete Skibitski : Okay. Appreciate it. And last one for me, guys, I remember a while back, one of the next big contractual things you were looking to accomplish was getting the fifth carrier under contract. And I think you wanted to do that in the midterm, nothing near term. But is that now in the budget? And there was talk maybe even doing another 2-carrier bundle. Are those things still in play in terms of where the budget shook out?

Chris Kastner: Well, it is in the budget. And we do still think and we know that buying them together absolutely saves the Navy money and the right way to buy it. We have — that hasn’t been — hasn’t shown up in the budget as of yet, but we believe that, that is the right way to acquire aircraft carriers. So positive in the budget, and then we’ll continue to work with the Navy on potentially working on a 2-ship buy, but that hasn’t manifested as of yet.

Tom Stiehle: A comment on the strategy front there, we’re looking — we think it’s mix financial and program sense to buy 2 carriers at a time with 3 years of AP on 4-year centers, right? And that’s what we’re focused on. From a time frame, that would be — we would be looking for a construction turn on in 2028 and then optimistically, AP in 2025, if not 2026. But that’s the playbook we used last time. It’s buying power for our customer, it’s efficiency for the yard here. We get to buy 2 sets of — when we materially in the buying efficiency from that. So that’s what we’re working closely with our customer on.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George Shapiro : I wanted to ask, General Dynamics on their call commented that they were having supply chain issues in Virginia. I think it was more Block V than IV, and they took a charge for that. And I guess you’re not experiencing that. There’s different suppliers. Or if you could just explain maybe.

Chris Kastner: Yes. Well, I can’t comment on GD’s phone call. That would not be appropriate. I’m comfortable with where we are in the VCS program this quarter, both Block IV and Block V. As I’ve said, we’re progressing down the delivery path on our Block IV boats. And then we need to transition to the Block V. But it would just be inappropriate for me to comment on GD’s call, but we’re comfortable with where we’re at.

George Shapiro : So you’re not seeing the same supply — you’re not seeing supply chain issues? Is that it?

Chris Kastner: Well, I think we’re seeing supply chain issues across the board really. It has definitely stabilized from a lead time standpoint, but it’s stabilized at a higher level than pre-COVID. And we need to make sure we take that into consideration not only on our current EACs but on our future bids. So yes, there are supply chain issues, but they they’ve stabilized a bit over the last couple of quarters from a lead time standpoint.

Tom Stiehle: Right. And I’d add the cost and projected future costs have been incorporated into our EACs. We’ve updated the milestone schedule here, George. You’ve seen that we have walked those over the last couple of years when COVID started, and there has been some charges at Newport News that you know about. So as Chris said, I’ll reiterate that every 13 weeks, we take a look at the axles today. The ETC expected the forecasts, the material indices, how costs going to come in. And we are comfortable with how we’re booked and — both in the milestone chart that we give you from a scheduling perspective and obviously, what’s put into the financial reports or from an EAC perspective.

George Shapiro : Okay. And then, Tom, the net EACs can get for the quarter and the break between the sectors?

Tom Stiehle: Yes, sir. So the gross favorable was 64 up. The gross unfavorable was 55 down. The net favorable obviously, was $9 million, you know what the math of that is. And that’s made up of actually — you’ll see now in the Q, there’s a revised disclosure that has that information. Ingalls is 14 up of the 9. MT is 4 up that now it’s 18 up, and then the Newport News is cumulatively down $9 million. And really, that $9 million is the preponderance of a 7% shipbuilding versus 6, 7, and we had that discussion early on the outsourcing of CVN 80.

George Shapiro : Okay. And then one last one if I can get in here. Can you mention what drives the more negative free cash flow in the second quarter? And then what drives the almost doubling of your free cash flow in ’24 after 3 years of relatively similar numbers?

Tom Stiehle: Yes. So for the free cash flow, there’s a rhythm in a cycle that we have. We usually cash users at the beginning of the year. We saw that in Q1. We had guided a minus $200 million to $300 million. We actually came in at minus 49. So we just had some better timing and collections in Q1. That’s just probably pull ahead from Q1 to Q2. We’re guiding a minus 150 for the back for Q2 now, the combined Q1 actual and the Q2 forecast. So we’re still right on plan on where we thought we would be. And I think when I look where The Street perspective, if we add up both in the Q1 and Q2 expectation, we’re slightly ahead of that, which is good. For the free cash flow kind of going forward here, you can look at it like 1 of 2 ways.

We’ve talked about the top line revenue expansion. We haven’t had a question on it here, but you heard in the remarks, almost 4%, 3.8% growth. Mission Technologies grew 5.8% this quarter and 3 — in Q1. Year-over-year, it grew 3.5% from last quarter. And like Q4, every one of anti-Green Mission Technologies business unit expanded their top line. So that’s a good sign right there. I really like what we’re seeing. But I think that bolsters well. We had talked about long-term shipbuilding growth at 3%. It was 3.1% this quarter. We talked about long-term growth in Mission Technologies to be 5%, and it was 5.8%. The weighted mix should be 3.5%. But as we said, we came in at 3.8% this quarter. So the cases there and the numbers are playing out. From a Mission Technologies perspective, I would just leave you with they’re in the year, they finished — they’re coming up on year 2 now this August.

The restructures behind them, the leadership’s chosen, the business units understanding. They’ve integrated operations, systems, processes. And I really think the team now has full-time focus and support on their objective of go win a lot of work and execute the contract. So I feel really good about that top line growth. Margin expansion, I know we’ve talked about it. There’s an expectation that 8% to 10% that Mission Technologies would move that up. We had guided that, and that thesis is still in place to get from the low 8s to the higher end of the range of 8% to 10%. And we saw the EBITDA margins in pretty good shape, 8.2% last year. When we normalize out the booking for a joint venture sale that we have there, it was 8.6%. And this quarter, it’s 8%.

It’s early in the year. So I think both the expansion of the top line and the bottom line is real, is in front of us. Managing our CapEx, we’ve guided to 3% here. So we’ve come off a high of almost 5% and upper 4s over the last 4 or 5 years, and that adds to the bottom line. We get through the adjustments for COVID, both the FICA and the COVID payments back. I think there’s a natural lift that you’ll see. Macro perspective, you can just take a look at that from a shipyard perspective, we were generating in the 4.75 to 5.50 just between the 2 yards. And then when you throw another $2.5 billion business with Mission Technologies that’s growing annually, 8% to 9% EBITDA to take the midpoint at 9%, the math easily generates through taxes in the vicinity of about $200 million for Mission Technologies.

So 500 to 700. So I’m comfortable that we’ll get there. We’ve talked about the step up from ’23 to ’24 specifically will happen as we get into the cadence of production across both yards. And what we’ll find is that working capital will come down a little bit. That will be the initial lift to get ’23 up to ’24. But then with the growth and the expansion of margin, we see us being $700 million plus — $700 million to $700 million plus going forward in the out-years.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam Khanna : Can you hear me guys?

Chris Kastner: We can. Thanks, Gautam.

Gautam Khanna : Terrific. I wanted to ask what your best guess as to why in the fit-up. A number of the delivery dates on Ingalls ships have moved to the right. And just relative to the last time they published those delivery dates, and they gave reasons for it. But do you broadly agree with those revised delivery dates expressed in the fit-up?

Chris Kastner: Yes. I think what you’re seeing there, Gautam, is kind of 2 different processes with potentially different risk expressions. And obviously, we look at our delivery dates and our — so they don’t specifically align, right? We can project better deliveries based on what we’re seeing in the quarter of the year, the — or some of the indicators that could impact delivery. So I just think there are different processes with different objectives. So you’re going to have differences from time to time, but we’re comfortable with where we’re at.

Tom Stiehle: Yes. I’ll just — I’ll come behind that, too. That comes out every year, and we take a look at it and we might analyze it. I will tell you at times, you’ll see ships and boats move. And at other times, they don’t move. And sometimes they stick on a contract date for years, and then they move aggressively. I can tell you, from our perspective, we have — we’re aligned programmatically and — with our customers on the status of the programs. We’re aligned from both the milestones and schedules that we run our yards to, our master construction schedules that go into the milestones that we see to The Street. And then from an EAC perspective, to make sure we have the duration of the programs understood and priced in EACs. So I would not be overly concerned.

At times, it’s just risks and opportunities, when is the ship available, when is the crew available, when is the test sequencing to get the ships and boats out of here. So a lot goes into that. I wouldn’t dismiss them. They’re important, but our information is updated and evaluated every 13 weeks here. And I can tell you that the schedules and EACs are aligned to the current performance of both yards.

Gautam Khanna : That’s a great answer. And just to follow up on an earlier question about the differences on the Virginia class at GD relative to HII. And I know you’re not going to opine on GD. But I was just curious if you could talk about — since Q2 of ’20, when you guys announced the large charge related to COVID and the schedule impacts on Virginia-class, have you had much in the way of negative come catch-ups on that program? Or was that kind of a big — the big reset, if you will, on the program accounting? I’m just curious, like it doesn’t seem called out quarter after quarter.

Chris Kastner: Yes. So obviously, that was a significant adjustment we made with Block IV. But we, from time to time, have adjustments and we’ve had adjustments on the Block IV program between then and now. They just haven’t been material enough to mention. We’re very — as you know, we have a disciplined process around our EACs. And if we have to make adjustments, we do. So you’ve kind of got it right on there. We had a significant adjustment. We’ve made smaller, less material adjustments between now and then, and we’re very comfortable with where we are right now.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak : I guess, at this point, should we expect the shipbuilding margin to be up or down in 2024?

Chris Kastner: Well, I absolutely think not giving guidance for ’24 yet, but I expect it to improve. I expect both shipyards to execute, barring any unforeseen labor issues or supply chain issues or macroeconomic issues, all things being equal, I expect it to be up. But we’re not giving formal guidance on 2024 yet.

Tom Stiehle: I’ll reiterate that, too. We’ve told you where we want to take it to. We haven’t told you when because of the environment that we operate under 3 variants of the COVID virus, inflation, unforeseen inflation from a couple of years ago and then the tightness of the labor market going back 2 years and as we work ourselves through the back end of that right now. It just creates headwinds into the market. We tried to be as transparent with you as possible. We set our objectives and share our forecasts, and we have plans behind them to kind of make them, and then we got to fight through. And if new risks pop up, we got to find other opportunities. But clearly, we anticipate to incrementally expand our margin performance kind of going forward.

Noah Poponak : Appreciate that. Is it possible to give more specifics on maintaining margin and cash flow on CVN 79 while moving the schedule? Just if you could give us some more detail beyond how that happens. And is that true year-by-year in the remainder or just in the full aggregate of the remainder?

Chris Kastner: Yes. So — as Tom mentioned in his remarks, we need to keep that financially neutral. And so as we come through that Class 1 change, that’s the objective. So the team is working on ensuring that on an annual basis or an annualized basis, we keep cash and margin kind of in a neutral place and risk in a neutral place from where we were today.

Noah Poponak : Okay. And Tom, you walked through the good quarter at MT. But in your 2Q guide, you’ve got it back to flat year-over-year and the margin a little lower sequentially. Just what’s behind that? And then I guess, maybe just what’s your latest thinking on the longer-term margin potential of the segment?

Tom Stiehle: Yes. I think that’s just being conservative on where we are in timing. We’ll see how that plays out. The quick turn quarters, especially in that business where the contract duration is shorter, a potential for recompetes and wins and when programs top online and things of that nature. So I think it’s just us being more conservative. At our position for Q1, the run rate that’s 24.96, we guided 2.5 for the year. So I’m feeling good about that. It’s the largest quarter by far that MT has had with a line on it, and the 5.8% growth is fantastic. And then each of the business units growing is a great sign, too. And that’s 2 quarters in a row of that happening. So I think there’s some really good positive signs there. We don’t want to overcommit, and that business is highly competitive.

There’s a lot of proposal working there, plus $60 billion of proposals. So half of that’s qualified, a lot of moving pieces on when things either get awarded or delayed or extended or option year exercised. So we’re just being conservative on how that plays out. I do think as we — as I mentioned about restructuring in the rear-view mirror and the team even more focused and experience working together over there, the additions of the Chief Technology Officer that we have here, Eric Tuning, has been from executive S&D, all those will help mature that portfolio over there. So I do anticipate that although it’s highly — the portfolio has a lot of cost-type contracts in it, I think we’ll see as we move push for more products and services, more technology than just the service side, and that will have a natural lift to and the profitability in there.

So the guide we gave you was 8% to 10% EBITDA when we purchased the line, and that construct still holds here and expectation that we’ll grow that up over the next couple of years.

Chris Kastner: No. I would mention between Q1 and Q2, there are some contracts within Mission Technologies that are relatively lumpy in nature when you get — when you book the margin. So that’s why the lower guide in Q2 from a margin standpoint.

Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Credit Suisse.

Scott Deuschle : Tom, does the back half margin guide accommodate for the risk of additional negative EACs like we saw this quarter on CVN 80?

Tom Stiehle: So that’s a very specific question. I would tell you that each quarter, once we come through our DAC analysis, we evaluate performance, existing costs, we update our projections going forward, value material labor cost, schedule and overheads, all that goes into the construct of coming up with the booking rate. And then from there, we update our sets of opportunities and risks against that forecast. And from there, we’ll make a determination of what the forecast is for ourselves and out to The Street here. So I would tell you that there’s always the potential to either exceed the forecast or underrun it. Specifically, we think we book the risk on the CVN 80 outsourcing project accordingly. So I would not anticipate that to to continue to bleed.

If anything, I’d like to see us do better than what we have in the plan right now from a risk mitigation standpoint. But I think the guidance still holds that I gave you between 7%, 7% and 8%. The back half will be better, and we’ll just watch that play out.

Scott Deuschle: Okay. And then, Chris, can you help reconcile the improved hiring and attrition trends you’ve noted with the increased outsourcing on CVN 80 that drove the negative EAC? I’m just trying to understand why you needed to do the unplanned outsourcing if hiring and attrition did track better.

Chris Kastner: Yes. That’s a really good question. And — so when you’re putting in your plan, you’re projecting what your workload is going to be and what your labor is going to be. And it just made good sense to, over the last year or so, put together outsourcing plans. And the risk showed up when we finally rationalized and realized the cost estimate for that outsourcing. We needed to incorporate it into our EACs. So it’s all in the mix together, and it’s all related. Still positive on the labor front, but we still needed to do that outsourcing on 80.

Scott Deuschle : Okay. And then last question, kind of bigger picture. But if you priced your fixed price contracts, assuming wage inflation would be at a low single-digit rate and it’s the mid- to high single-digit rate instead, I just – I’m trying to understand mechanically how this can still be a 9% margin business until you burn through a lot of the $47 billion backlog, which I assume would take another 4 to 5 years. Just trying to understand the mechanics of how that works in a chunk cost…

Chris Kastner: Sure. I can start and then potentially, Tom here. But remember, we do have EPA protection pretty at Ingalls and some EPA protection at Newport News. And we do have long-term labor agreements in place both at Newport News and Ingalls. So that mitigates it to some extent.

A –Tom Stiehle: Yes. I’d comment on that front, too. So yes, we do have the $47 billion of backlog. Only 55% of it’s funded, that’s one, right? So there’s other areas there, whether they’re going to get finalized, negotiated or exercised. Two is, as Chris said, about 45% of our workforce, we do have union agreements, so I know what I’m paying on that front. Much of the work we do, we’ve talked in the past about long lead contracts, advanced procurement contracts. So we really make sure we get current bids that we can both use in the proposal, get the advanced procurement turned on and then immediately exercise those bids and get the contractors locked into fixed price on the large material components. Most of Ingalls contracts have EPS provisions, which is 90-10 fixed price and then the Newport News where it’s more 50-50 cost type.

The cost will be recognized on, I guess, those cost contracts. So a lot of things are in play. I’m with you that there was an expectation on inflation and for any long long-term contract that was put on before. Without EPA, the material could have some exposure. These are the headwinds that we talk about that we try and fight through. But then there’s other avenues and ways to get the contract adjustments, incentives, work-through, workaround or realize more opportunity than risk to still maintain and improve our profitability.

Operator: I am not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to hand the call back over to Mr. Kastner for any closing remarks.

Chris Kastner : All right. Thank you for your interest in HII today. We look forward to continuing to engage with all of you. Thank you.

Tom Stiehle: Thank you.

Operator: That does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Follow Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (NYSE:HII)

Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts

 or 
 Subscribe with Google 
 We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. 

Share

Q1 2023NYSE:HIIEarnings Call Transcript

Related Insider Monkey Articles

NatWest Group plc (NYSE:NWG) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript
Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript

Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UVE) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript...
U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SLCA) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript

Customers Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:CUBI) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript
Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBC) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript 

 1281292 - 11759070 - 1 

The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock.

Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard.

Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences.

At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by 2040 there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots, with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000.

Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040.

Put another way, that’s roughly equal to:

175 Teslas

107 Amazons

140 Metas

84 Googles

65 Microsofts

And 55 Nvidias

And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy.

It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide.

Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential.

How could anything be worth that much?

The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates.

And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors.

What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution.

In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals.

Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves.

Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change.

Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps.

Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact.

When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to.

Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere…

But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible.

And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans…

This prediction might not be bold at all:

A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock.

The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now.

I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report.

Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock.

For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month, you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal!

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

• Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

• 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

• One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

• Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

• Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

• 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee:  If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month. (33% Off – was $14.99).

2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!

Insider Monkey Ads 

Wall Street calls this $3 stock a “Melting Ice Cube.” They said the same thing about BTI before it returned 90%.

Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD 

Dr. Ian Dogan

Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey

My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today.

Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call.

Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying.

We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong.

We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months.

Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025.

Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3.

While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth.

This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return.

Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents.

This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.!

This offer vanishes in 7 days, so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond.

Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up:

Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential.

BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential.

One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan.

One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149

Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews

Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity.

Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active.

30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment.

Here’s what to do next:

1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99.

2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter.

3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee.

Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future!